# A Basic Evacuation Model Based on Flow Network

1. 

   Conformation of the evacuation network $G(V,A)​$

   A network is a graph $G(V,A)$, where V is a set of vertices consisting of Super Source, Source, cross node，Sink，Super Sink. Meanwhile, A represents a set of V's edges, the arcs between vertices.

   

2. Charactersitics of arcs capacity

   1. The flow formula within area

      We set the first formula based on three parameters, which are flow, rate and density. The relation between these parameters can be described as the formula below.

      $f=v\rho$ 

      Among the formula, $v$ represents people's walking rate and $\rho$ represents the crowd density. Flow represents the amount of people going through a cross section within certain time.

   2. The connection between rate and density

      In the actual evacuation process, the evacuation speed of the crowd is closely related to the characteristics of the channel and the crowd density. In flat aisles, the crowd walking speed and density have the following functional relationship.

      $v=-0.0006\rho^4+0.0093\rho^3+0.0007\rho^2-0.4246\rho+1.7744$

   3. Maximum flow in the channel 

      Take max$f=v_m\rho_m$ as the maximum flow of the channel. This flow is commonly referred as a saturated stream. In the formula, $v_m$, $\rho_m$ are called critical speed and critical density, respectively.If the value is the upper limit of the capacity of the arc $a(v_i,v_j)$, the lower limit of the capacity is the maximum number of people passing through the channel when the channel is blocked. The max is calculated by interpolation of Equations 1 and 2, resulting as when the crowd density is 2.42 persons/m2 and at a speed of 1.14 m/s, the $f​$ value is the largest.

3. Time consumption of flow going through the pass 

   $l_{ij}$ : distance of pass from vertice $i$ to $j​$  

   $t_{ij}$ : time for visitors going through the pass from vertice $i$ to $j$  

   $\lambda$ : parameter correction of crowds going through  various pass (stairs) (0 $\le$ $\lambda$ $\le​$ 1)

   We presume that visitors have different walking speeds in various facilities. For example, they walk fast on flat aisle while slow on slope aisle. Therefore, given that passengers have different speeds in different facilities, the passing time of passengers at different facilities should be corrected by the standard level of the flat aisle.

   $$t_{ij} = (1+\lambda) \frac{1_{ij}}{v}​$$ 

4. definition of the question

   $T_e​$ :  the total time for evacuation 

    $f​$ : minmum feasible flow

   $C​$ : Capacity of each pass in the network

   $T​$ ：time spent on going through each pass

   In this case, we will calculate $C​$ & $T​$ of each pass in the network based on the given evacuation network. And when there are $Q​$ people in the museum, we will have the answer of  $T​$ and  $f​$ .

